Héctor Hernández

1. What does automation and augmentation mean in the context of IA?

A: Automation implies that machines take over a human task, augmentation means that humans
collaborate closely with machines to perform a task.

2. What is the ability of Cloud Computing?

A: It's to virtualize resources allows abstracting hardware, requiring little
interaction with cloud service providers and enabling users to access terabytes of storage, high processing
power, and high availability in a pay-as-you-go model.

3. How blockchain benefits the economy?

A: It can be designed as a truly decentralized truly decentralized database without a central
a central authority. It can, therefore, serve as a hub for trusted exchanges between multiple entities without one having to trust the other, or even an intermediary. This represents a real revolution: in exchange systems historically there has been a need in exchange systems for a trusted intermediary for all the a trusted intermediary on all sides. 

4. What does it mean that the hyperledger is modular?

A: The modular approach enables developers to experiment with different
types of components as they evolve, and to change individual components without affecting
the rest of the system. This helps developers to create components that can be combined to
build distributed ledger solutions well-suited to different requirements. 


5. What is the biggest challenge for digital finance in Latin America?

A: One of the biggest challenges facing the financial sector in LAC countries is improving access to financing for the productive sector.  This is key to increasing productivity and, consequently, economic growth and  development.

6. What would be a relevant impact of Digital currencies?

A: It would impact in the easy of flow of money between government and individual. In addition, it would allow to have more transparency for informal economy.

7. In the fiscal area, what is the challenge for the state in the new era of the digital economy?

A: In the fiscal area, the challenge facing the State is how to tax online business. Some large technological firms have managed to reduce their tax bill by placing their sales in countries with lower taxes instead of the country where the buyer is actually making the transaction. 
